last week I challenged our viewers to
honor their fathers on Father's Day by
making dad a special breakfast did
better I asked you to either cook
something weird for dad or make a nice
breakfast and dump it all over him most
people chose the latter we've got a lazy
group but a lot of people did this and
then they posted the videos to YouTube
with the title hey Jimmy Kimmel I made
my dad breakfast in bed as usual where
we got excellent responses at which
we've assembled for you here so enjoy a
video proof of why men get vasectomies
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
my father's a breakfast in bed happy
Father's Day to you
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
sorry about that okay okay
you gonna eat all of it Oh fresh food my
god yeah
you know we sit up there study well can
you yell with it I could help a little
bit but I could use a little help
I need all of it Jimmy come over come
here and clean that mess
this is oatmeal with tomatoes and
whipped cream and we put it in a shoe so
yeah so let's go wake him up all right
you gotta eat it they worked really hard
on it thanks Jimmy the worst Father's
Day ever
[Music]
the way I look at it you raise those
children it's you're really your problem
thanks to all the dads thanks to all the
kids
[Music]
[Applause]